Update code commit PR scanning (#692)
hlxsites/prisma-cloud-docs: docs/en/enterprise-edition/content-collections/application-security/get-started/connect-code-and-build-providers/code-repositories/add-aws-codecommit.adoc

Integrate Prisma Cloud with your AWS CodeCommit version control system (VCS) to gain visibility into, and monitor the systems, technologies, configurations, and pipelines that make up the AWS CodeCommit platform.
This integration enables security scans to identify Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) misconfigurations, Software Composition Analysis (SCA) vulnerabilities, license non-compliance, exposed secrets and CI/CD pipeline risks in your AWS CodeCommit platform, allowing you to contextualize, prioritize and mitigate issues as soon as they are detected, resulting in an enhanced security posture for your organization.

> Note: currently, the AWS CodeCommit integration only supports periodic scans. Support for Pull Request scans is planned to be released in July 2024. The integration permissions described below include permissions related to managing pull request event notifications. This allows the feature to become available automatically upon release without any update to the integration on your side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: currently, the AWS CodeCommit integration only supports periodic scans. Support for Pull Request scans is coming soon. The integration permissions described below include permissions related to managing pull request event notifications. This allows the feature to become available automatically upon release without any update to the integration on your side.
```
